1. Variants of Breakout:
    https://www.gamesxl.com/arcade/sparkanoid
    This is a very polished breakout game that includes 24 different levels and many interesting power-ups. The color-
    scheme is very colorful and invokes a playful atmosphere. One interesting feature is that there is a timer for each
    level and one is supposed to complete the level before the time runs out.

    https://elgoog.im/breakout/
    This breakout game, on the other hand, is very simple and has no power-ups. The styling is also bland and not
    welcoming. With that being said, it is a good example of a bare-bones breakout game, and is a good starting point
    from which many new ideas can be added. I think it would be smart to get my game to this stage by Tuesday and use
    the rest of the week to improve upon what I have.

2. General Description:
    I want to build between 4 and 8 different levels, each a different color (starting with cool colors and ending with
    warm colors to show increasing difficulty) and with a slightly different block-scheme.
    The first level will be relatively simple and have 5-or-so rows with the same number of blocks---as simple as
    possible. The next few levels will all feature a different shape---I'm currently thinking of making a rhombus level
    and a level with a triangle and another level with rows but with some blocks already missing from the rows. I'm
    still unsure as to which configurations will be the most difficult, and will adjust the block configurations as to
    make it harder as the game progresses.
    Furthermore, as one progresses, the bounces are to become more erratic, and the ball should become faster, but not
    so much so as to make the game frustrating. I also plan to make more unwanted power-ups (inverted control scheme,
    faster ball) drop more often in later levels than in the earlier levels.

3. Blocks:
    I want to create 5 types of blocks:
        i)  regular blocks
        ii) long blocks
        iii)short blocks
        iv) unbreakable block: this block will simply act as an obstacle.
        v)  invisible block: this becomes visible once hit and will then be able to be broken.

4. Power-Ups (and Downs):
    I want to create 5 power-ups:
        i) long bounce platform
        ii) slow ball
        iii) fast ball
        iv) two-ball (next bounce on the platform results in two balls coming out)
        v) short bounce platform
        vi) inverted control scheme

5. Cheat Keys:
    I am planning to include three (3) cheat keys:
        i)   Extra-long bounce platform
        ii)  Slow ball
        iii) Move platform up and down

6. Something Extra:
    I am planning on adding sound when a block gets broken and when the ball bounces off the platform. I think that the
    game becomes a lot more immersive when it is not merely visual, but audiovisual, and that adding sound will surely
    make it more enjoyable to play.